[docs] Add summary and improve `test_static` CI doc in CONTRIBUTING readme file (#36711)
mui/material-ui: CONTRIBUTING.md

This makes it easier to understand where the PR is coming from, and also speeds things up as the issue gets closed when the PR is merged.

### CI checks and how to fix them

If any of the checks fails click on the _Details_
link and review the logs of the build to find out why it failed.
For CircleCI you need to log in first.
No further permissions are required to view the build logs.
The following section gives an overview of what each check is responsible for.

#### ci/codesandbox

This task should not fail in isolation. It creates multiple sandboxes on CodeSandbox.com that use the version
of MUI that was built from this Pull Request. Use it to test more complex scenarios.

#### ci/circleci: checkout

A preflight check to see if the dependencies and lockfile are ok. Running `yarn`
and `yarn deduplicate` should fix most of the issues.

#### ci/circleci: test_static

Checks code format, and lints the repository. The log of the failed build should explain

> how to fix the issues. It runs also commands that generates and changes some files
> (like `yarn docs:api`), if the pipe fails you might need to run them locally and commit the changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
how to fix the issues. It also runs commands that generates or changes some files
(like `yarn docs:api` for API documentation), if the pipe fails you might need to run them locally and commit the changes.
```

#### ci/circleci: test_static

Checks code format, and lints the repository. The log of the failed build should explain

> how to fix the issues. It also runs commands that generates or changes some files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
how to fix the issues. It also runs commands that generate or change some files
```
